!!crouch: crouch [on|off] 'no argumennt=for 500ms'
!!fly: To start flying type: "fly"
!!jump: Jump for 500ms.
!!say: Say something.
!!sit: Attempt to sit on the closest prim
!!stand: Stand up.
!!wear: Wear an outfit folder from inventory.
!!whisper: Whisper something.
!crouch: Starts or stops crouching.
!describe:   Usage: "describe": describes everything around you 
 you can also type "describe location", "describe people", "describe objects", or "describe buildings" to describe them respectively.
!eval: Enqueue a lisp task on a bot.
!fly: Starts or stops flying.
!jump: Jumps or flies up
!location: Finds out in which direction yourself, an object or a building or a person is.
!login: Login to World Server
!logout: Logout from Secondlife
!mute: Maniputate hte MuteList on the server
!say: Say a message for everyone to hear.
!sit: Sit on the ground or on an object.
!stand: Stand
!stop: Cancels a particular action
!teleport: Teleport to a location.
!use:   Usage: Use an item from inventory or world.
!wear:   Usage: wear [outfit name]
 you can type  'wear [bake] /My Outfit/Dance Party
!whisper: Whisper a message to a
@: Restrict the following commands to one or all avatars.
activategroup: Set a group as active.
addfriend: Add avatar friend.
agentlocations: Downloads all of the agent locations in a specified region.
anim: Do a animation or gesture.
animinfo: Show debug info about anims.
appearance: Set your current appearance to your last saved appearance
astargoto:   Usage: Use A* Pathfinding to get to object
attach: attach a prim to specified (or default) attachment point from the world
attachments: Prints a list of the currently known agent attachments.
avatarinfo: Print out information on a nearby avatar.
back: Sends the move back command to the server for a single packet or a given number of seconds.
backuptext: Backup inventory to a folder on your hard drive.
balance: Shows the amount of L$.
blockpath: Puts one minute temp blocks toward objects
botact: Invoke a command a bot interuptable action (interupts previous foreground action).
botperms: Sets the bot
botvar: Maniputlates bot vars.
buy: Buys from a prim.
cd: Changes the current working inventory folder.
changeperms: Recursively changes all of the permissions for child and task inventory objects.
clone: Clone the appearance of a nearby avatar.
copy: Copys from a prim.
createnotecard: Creates a notecard from a local text file and optionally embed an inventory item.
createscript: Creates a script in your inventory from a local .lsl file.
crouch: crouch [on|off] 'no argumennt=for 500ms'
deed: Recursively changes all of the permissions for child and task inventory objects.
deletefolder: Moves a folder to the Trash Folder
derez: De-Rezes a specified prim.
describe:   Usage: "describe": describes everything around you 
 you can also type "describe location", "describe people", "describe objects", or "describe buildings" to describe them respectively.
dilation: Shows time dilation for current sim.
do: Tell a bot to do an action on an object
download: Downloads the specified asset.
downloadscript: Downloads the specified stript.
downloadterrain: Download the RAW terrain file for this estate.
downloadtexture: Downloads the specified texture.
drop: drops a specified attachment into the world
dumpoutfit: Dumps all of the textures from an avatars outfit to the hard drive.
echomaster: Repeat everything that master says.
emptylostandfound: Empty inventory Lost And Found folder
emptytrash: Empty inventory Trash folder
eval: Enqueue a lisp task on a bot.
evinfo: Shows the events that have been associated with an object.
export: Exports an object to an xml file.
exportparticles: Reverse engineers a prim with a particle system to an LSL script.
findobjects: Finds all objects, which name contains search-string.
findsim: Searches for a simulator and returns information about it.
findtexture: Checks if a specified texture is currently visible on a specified face.
fly: To start flying type: "fly"
flyto: Fly the avatar toward the specified position for a maximum of seconds.
follow: Start or stop following a
follow*: Start or stop following a
forward: Sends the move forward command to the server for a single packet or a given number of seconds.
friendslist: List avatar friends.
gesture: Do a gesture.
give: Gives items from the current working directory to an avatar.
giveallmoney: Gives you all it's money.
gohome: Teleports home
goto: Teleport to a location (e.g. "goto Hooper/100/100/30")
goto_landmark: Teleports to a Landmark.
gridlayer: Downloads all of the layer chunks for the grid object map
gridmap: Downloads all visible information about the grid map
groupinfo: Shows the group UI.
groupmembers: Dump group members to console.
grouproles: Dump group roles to console.
groups: List avatar groups.
help: Print this help message.
i: Prints out inventory.
im: Instant message someone.
imgroup: Send an instant message to a group.
import: Import prims from an exported xml file.
invitegroup: invite an avatar into a group.
joingroup: join a group.
jump: Jump for 500ms.
leavegroup: Leave a group.
left: Sends the move left command to the server for a single packet or a given number of seconds.
lindenfollow: Follow another avatar.
linkset: Takes from a prim.
load: Loads commands from a dll. (
locate: Finds out in which direction yourself, an object or a building or a person is.
location: Finds out in which direction yourself, an object or a building or a person is.
login: Login to World Server
logout: Logout from Secondlife
look:   Usage: "describe": describes everything around you 
 you can also type "describe location", "describe people", "describe objects", or "describe buildings" to describe them respectively.
lowersim: Lowers all parent prims on a simulator.
ls: Lists the contents of the current working inventory folder.
lure: Send a lure to a
mapfriend: Show a friends location.
me: Emote something.  (
move: Move to a person or object, or in a direction: west, east, north or south.
moveprim: move prim to the relative specified position.
moveto: Moves the avatar to the specified global position using simulator autopilot.
mute: Maniputate hte MuteList on the server
n/s/e/w: Move to a person or object, or in a direction: west, east, north or south.
objectinventory: Retrieves a listing of items inside an object (task inventory).
orphans: Finds objects without locations [prim]
packetlog: Logs a given number of packets to an xml file.
parceldetails: Displays parcel details from the ParcelTracker dictionary.
parcelinfo: Prints out info about all the parcels in this simulator
parrot: Make a bot parrot all actions by another avatar.
pay: Pays a prim.
pointat: PointAts from a prim.
primcount: Shows the number of objects currently being tracked.
priminfo: Dumps information about a specified prim.
primowners: Displays a list of prim owners and prim counts on a parcel.
primregex: Find prim by text predicat.
primworkshop: Runs PrimWorkshop on a prim.
profile: Shows the Avatars profile in a UI component.
profileclone: Clones another avatars profile as closely as possible. WARNING: This command will destroy your existing profile!
quietly: Invoke a console command with no return results.
regioninfo: Prints out info about all the current region
removefriend: Remove avatar friend.
returnobjectsowned: Returns all prims with a specific owner.
right: Sends the move right command to the server for a single packet or a given number of seconds.
rotate: The rotate command changes the BodyRotation on the server with a single packet.
rotateprim: Rotate prim to the relative specified position.
saleinfo: sets or prints SaleInfo on a prim.
saveuuids: Saves resolution of UUID types.
say: Say a message for everyone to hear.
script: Reads BotClient commands from a file. One command per line, arguments separated by spaces.
searchclassifieds: Searches Classified Ads.
searchevents: Searches Events list.
searchgroups: Searches groups.
searchland: Searches for land for sale. for
searchpeople: Searches for other avatars.
searchplaces: Searches Places.
select: selects one or more object in world.
selectobject: Re select object [prim]
selectobjects: Displays a list of prim localIDs on a given parcel with a specific owner.
sethome: Sets home to the current location.
setmaster: Sets the
setmasterkey: Sets the key of the master
settexture: Set appearance texture of avatar.
shout: Shout something.
showeffects: Prints out information for every viewer effect that is received.
showevent: Shows an Events details.
showgui: Shows the Radegast UI
showimage: Shows the specified image.
simbot: Start theOpenSims type AI.
simhinfo: Calculates the Height (Z) level of walking at point.
simzinfo: Calculates the Z level of walking at point.
sit: Sit on the ground or on an object.
siton: Attempt to sit on a particular prim, with specified UUID
sleep:   Usage: sleep [seconds]
stand: Stand up.
stats: Provide connection figures and statistics
stop: Cancels a particular action
stop following: Start or stop following a
stopflying: You stop flying.
stop-flying: You stop flying.
stop-following: Start or stop following a
take: Takes from a prim.
taskrunning: Retrieves or set IsRunning flag on items inside an object (task inventory).
tasks: Shows the list of task queue stat
tcpserver:   Usage:
teleport: Teleport to a location.
textures: Turns automatic texture downloading on or off.
thread: executes a command in its own thread.
touch: Attempt to touch a prim with specified UUID
tree: Rez a tree 3 meters overhead.
turnto: turn the avatar toward the specified position for a maximum of seconds. turnto [prim | [x y [z]]
unmute: Maniputate hte MuteList on the server
uploadimage: Upload an image to your inventory.
uploadscript: Upload a local .lsl file file into your inventory.
uploadterrain: Upload a raw terrain file to a simulator.
uptime: Shows the login name, login time and length of time logged on.
use:   Usage: Use an item from inventory or world.
uuidtype: Resolve the type of Object the UUID represents.
viewnote: Downloads and displays a notecard asset
voiceaccount: obtain voice account info.
voiceparcel: obtain parcel voice info.
voicetest: VoiceTest [firstname] [lastname] [password] [loginuri]
waitevent: wait until a certain event takes place.
waitforlogin: Waits until all bots that are currently attempting to login have succeeded or failed
walkto: Go to the avatar toward the specified position for a maximum of seconds.
wear:   Usage: wear [outfit name]
 you can type  'wear [bake] /My Outfit/Dance Party
wearprim: Takes (derez to inventory) and wears a prim.
where: Finds out in which direction yourself, an object or a building or a person is.
whisper: Whisper a message to a
who: Lists seen avatars.
wind: Displays current wind data
xfer: Downloads the specified asset using the Xfer system.
